Speaker 1  0:07  
This is a conversation about our intake system. Intake is probably one of the biggest Achilles heels that we have at the company. We currently have Adil, who manages the intake process, and that's for all devices, whether it's the walking service, the mailing service, the London courier service, whether it's repair side, diagnostic side or the back market side, whether it's back market trading or back market repairs, inbound, outbound, sales trading. Now, with regards to our repair side, everything starts off with a conversation, whether it's via email, DM or telephone conversation. Now we have an issue where not always the information is taken from the interactions that we're having over telephone and recorded which we are going to plug and fix in the future, also the when a item is made in a conversation. Used to be Zendesk. Now it's intercom that's not necessarily having all the information tracked and sent to the Monday board. So if a client arrives in using the walk in service for their appointment, it's not necessarily the fact that they the adult who the intake has all the information of the conversation the client have. That's the biggest flaw. If I am booking my device in and I've had a wonderful conversation on the telephone with Michael Ferrari, I received an email to say, to come and drop the device. I do not want to have to go through the same conversation with Adil. You already know everything about my device. Me personally, I'm a busy person. I want to come in. I want to pass my device, ask any questions that I have, and leave, and it's okay that the guy doesn't know the answer to the question, just get back to me, and that's fine. Does that make sense? Like, like, that's how it should work. There are some clients that like, I'm going to come in and leave no information. We do need to have a full conversation with that client, but we need to have all the information that we need. We need to ask all the questions that we need to ask, depending on the device that's coming in. Because some repairs are really simple, they don't need a lot of questions. Some need a lot more questions. Diagnostics need a lot more questions, depending on what type of diagnostic, my MacBook went dead. Has it had liquid damage? No, that's fine. Basic questions, what charges do you use? Is it an original charger? You know? Have you been, have you been abroad? Have you used a international plug? Because there's something power related that power related that's caused that thing to stop? Okay, then let's put it this way. What about if it's been liquid damage? Now we need other different questions that we wouldn't ask about a power related issue, where, what type of liquid? How long ago have you taken it to the Apple store? That's a huge one. You know, the Apple Store question on asking clients whether it's physically or on the phone or beforehand, That's so fucking important, because a validates the fact that they're coming in to see us when Apple haven't been able to help them, but also tells us that Apple have told them something, like, your device needs to be replaced, or you this device can't be repaired. That's why the clients are coming in to see us. When client, when when adult goes up to see a client, he should be fully briefed on what's coming in. If somebody is really experienced, you don't need to tell them anything. If I want to see a client, whatever state I could make it up on the spot. But that's not what we want to these new team members. We can't scale if we don't have a system that's prompting them to say, Oh, we don't have this piece of information. Ask this. Or can you verify this piece of information? Now, different information for different types of diagnostics, like I said, that's slightly different on the per device can be slightly different per device. We do need to map that also, if a client has had their device repaired before, these are all black pre questions, have you had the device repaired before? Yes, was it completed for this repair or a previous repair? Previous repair? Okay, cool, man. What was it? Was an original part? Was it coming to the apple, this little general conversation, some parts in this is, like, I think that we need to interview the client about their device. This is their main fucking device. They're going to come in and spend a lot of money with us. Where I correct, we're not doing cheap repairs. We need to have as much information as we can, the more information, the better that, because we need to distil that information down and get it to the tech so that the techs are aware. That's huge. That is a huge amount of us communicating correctly with a technician so that the technicians don't have to ask questions. The whole point of this is that we do an intake using diagnostic here for an example, and safan, who is the lead technician, doesn't need to ask any questions. There have been so many times that adult has gone up and seen a client, had a 20 minute interaction with a client who's dropping off a diagnostic. And the only information that we can see is that they weren't booked in, so they had to fill out the iPad on inbound, and they reported to say that device had no power. It's a MacBook. We've had the confirmed serial number in the model, and no information on Monday, so staff has to make it up, or he has to ask adult. Now it's Tuesday, and the client dropped off last Friday, and adult has no idea who the client was. It's a fucking mess. Now, for normal repairs, I say normal like a MacBook screen repair, clients give over a password. But for devices, for simpler repairs, we take passcodes and passwords. We do it because it's better to go through with testing. Now, what we do need to do is implement a service where we take up, if his clients dropping off themselves, we take up a portable monitor, and they can just see the monitor and change the password or add us as a user that type of information needs to go out to as a notification for clients that are sending in their device that you can connect it to a monitor like this, and this is how, this is how we can help you, by setting up a user for us to even say it'd be incredible to order some HDMI cables and to send them out with the boxes when we're sending out during the using the mail in service, and it's like an I correct wire that they're borrowing to connect their device to a monitor that they can then type in their password, or they can use it and then send the the wire back in. Like, it'd be incredible. It just like an extra level of service. Like, why not? But going back to this intake, like, so when a client drops off their device that password, they've got a broken screen, right? Imagine, we haven't got the monitor upstairs. It didn't connect, or whatever, or, you know, it came in dead, not for diagnostic like, like, Oh, whatever. If a client has provided us with a passcode and we have the ability to test it, whether it's on a Mac whether it's on a MacBook or an iPad or whatever, the password should be checked. What's happening is it's causing chaos where the adult isn't checking, or even if it's Andres, who's covering Adil, the password is not being checked. So it gets down to a tech. Tech starts to repair and then find the passwords not working, so they're cutting corners by not completing the test and just completing the repair, hoping that they can just do the the testing at the end. But that's just too much risk. We just don't have enough information to take that level of risk. And you know, it's what my experience techs that are doing it, but they know it's wrong, and they know they shouldn't be doing it like I want the case where the text receiver device, we have already completed a stock check, confirmed it's in stock. We've already completed a password check, so they know the passwords there. They have all the information that they need for their for their particular repair, whether that's a replay department, whether that's the repair department, they have all the information about what the history was with the with the device, and then they're making better, smarter choices about repair. They're just doing the repair. We have a better output. Now, this is not just intake of information upstairs with the customer, but it's going through a flow. You're with the customer. Go through this flow. We've got this information already. You're just confirming. And this is a flow. It's buttons that, yep, that's this makes sense. Yep, cool. Does the client understand the price, the turnaround time? Are they happy? Have they got any questions that we're not able to answer? We'd like Ricky can go back to them with like, how does that work? Cool. Then, when we come downstairs, we like, upstairs, we checking the the slot for repair. Is the client aware that they're going to receive intake? Then there's notifications that are going to receive the notifications instead that we've received the device in, you know, how are we checking all this with it, with the customer, then off the back of that, with the intake, like when we come downstairs, are we completing those pre check, pre checks? This is not on repair or diagnostic, any checks that we've got to complete. Visual, what we can see, does everything match that should be done by an intake person. It's an extra three minutes of checks, basic like tests, does it charge? Does the trap pad work on a MacBook, whatever, but it saves us so much chaos behind because at that point we can say, ah, we need to notify the client for this, and we can begin a flow in that so

Speaker 1  8:44  
when it just helps us, like, you know, it's just making the, it's just making the, it's just making the it's.

Speaker 1  9:01  
It's supposed to be the white glove service that you would expect from a company at this level than them. That's the whole point. Is that this is being marked and geared up so that we can take this to the corporate side of the market, and the corporates like overwhelmed by what we're able to achieve.

Speaker 2  9:18  
I what we're looking for,

Unknown Speaker  9:31  
people to be blown away. Now on the trading side, we Sorry, sorry.

Speaker 1  9:39  
Just Just to finish the repairer diagnostic side, that we've got all the information that we need, and then we get it gets passed off into the queue. Then it's done. There's no questions raised. And if there are any issues in the intake, it's just easy to contact the customer, because they've told us this and we found this, it's very easy to compare that information. Sometimes customers lie because they think that we can't tell that they've had a dodgy repair, or they've tried to replace the battery themselves, we can, but at least we have the photographic evidence and go back to them and talk to them about this. This is so fucking easy on the back market trading side is another side that we have issues with, because we receive an information from the customers about their device, and then we've got to go through a flow of testing that device. It's a diagnostic process. Of the diagnostic steps, it's the same fucking thing every time. The two routes are, is it turning on? And we can test, irregardless of whether the screen is broken or is it dead. And we cannot test if it's completely dead. Cannot test. Then we're completing half the amount of tests. That's all visual aesthetics. And looking up for liquid damage internally, right? Makes sense on the functional like it turns on of some sort. Now we're testing to make sure that the functionality was all right. So it's breaking each component down and thoroughly testing to say, okay, the screen that we have been noted that screen is damaged. Let's use this one. So adult, when he first joined the company, was like, the screen's broken. Okay, cool, but there's different types of break to the screen. Can you see that the there's a visual crack if you shine a torch, or is there a visual crack? Or is it that the screen doesn't have any visual cracks, and it's just like, you see the Apple logo because there's a there's a backlight, but it's not working properly, like or is it that the screen on, but there's a big scratch in the middle just to polarise. It's learning that technical difference between each it's learning how bad or how good the liquid damage is and posting the picture. It's testing out different modules. And you know, it's completing those tests, and everyone being confident of the of the diagnostics are being completed, you can't have technicians that are confident of the diagnostics, because they feel like the guy ahead of them is cutting corners. If you make sure that every single question is filled out, and then we have it reconciled of what he said and what they had to do match, then there wouldn't be this distrust in the team. There's a huge amount of distrust because they feel like he's getting away with just doing with just doing the bare minimum and not answering and actually diagnosing properly. That could be the case, because he's not a technician. But if he had a better intake system, a better flow of a system and an agent that was flowing through him of every single repair or every single intake, he'd get the questions, because he'd have a system and an agent thinking for him. So it's preempting the questions that could come up, and if he made sure that everything was tested properly, then there would be less chaos behind him and be able to output higher. Now, of course, on a side note, there is definitely a question of saying, Is he the right person for the role? And my doc now says, No, He's a nice person. We should give him this chance. We should give him this opportunity to really like, push on and do well.

Speaker 1  12:51  
The same thing with like. So that's intake right into this, into the company, the inventory system I do need to speak about. But if at the if at that point of the inventory system, intake system, because we already knew that the client was coming in, it's already reserved the part because we knew their device was coming in, or they'd randomly walked in, and we've been able to check the part, and if they book in and accept it in it, we can reserve that part now. Or it's a back market intake diagnostic, and the system is able to allocate the parts and say, Yeah, we do have this part in stock. We can put this into the queue. Or, if not, and it says, Actually, I've only got one of these, I want to hold out. The system tells them this diagnostic is going to take a bit longer for that back market. Or, if it's a client that's dropping in, and give an estimated time of when it could be completed, because we don't have the part in stock in have the client stock it needs to be ordered. That's all information that could be very easily gotten by an agent and delivered to Adil, and that would make our intake process so much easier. We don't have clients that are pissed off or annoyed, and we don't have texts that are annoyed at Adil, and we don't have Adil feeling the pressure because he's making mistakes consistently. That's intake finished. We take all the information, we verify the information, we check all the parts, we add it in. The system tells us if there could be a delay, we can trust what's being asked, because there's actually an agent that's checking all of our answers and making sure that we're getting all right. We're logging them correctly. That's how the system should work. If you're built on trust, everything should be reconciled. It should say we should already know. Adult keeps saying that the screen is broken when it's not. That's a flag of an issue. We should know so.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
